Update 7: Premium (#256)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/premium/usedEmoji.md

# $usedEmoji
*(for premium bots)*

> This function is used to return the emoji which was triggered in `$reaction[]` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function is returns the emoji which triggered a `$reaction[]` callback.

> This function can only be used inside a `$reaction[]` callback
```

# $usedEmoji
*(for premium bots)*

> This function is returns the emoji which triggered a `$reaction[]` callback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function returns the emoji which triggered a `$reaction[]` callback.
```
